Hello everyone, I'm Xingxing.
I am an independent cosmetic formulator.
My usual work
is actually quite monotonous.
I design formulas for brands,
and go into the lab
and test those popular products on the market.
But my perspective on skin care products
may be different from many colleagues.
Because I majored in biology,
So,
I don't like to focus on those chemical terms.
I prefer to think about
When these ingredients are applied to our faces,
what will happen to our skin.
So when making formulas
and when doing tests,
I prefer to ask myself
When these ingredients are combined together,
are really effective
or just for marketing?
After testing a product,
really as amazing as its advertisement says?
These questions
it sounds like I'm paranoid.
But as a formulator,
I must stand on the same side as you.
I'm responsible for tearing off those fancy packages
and present the truth to you.
To make it easier for everyone to get what they need,
I have divided the content of my channel into several series.
For example,
there's the truth-telling series by formulaists who ruin jobs.
I will expose those unsubstantiated marketing tricks
one by one.
There are series of visiting global laboratories
Raw Materials and Technology Traceability Series,
I'll show you the industrial truth behind skincare.
And you can directly use it as a lightning protection toolbox.
the large screen series
and brand inventory series.
If you are new here,
I highly recommend that you
start with the skincare knowledge system series.
Here, I rarely give a
so-called standard answer.
Because like most natural sciences,
the truth of skincare science is not static,
but is always changing.
and evolving.
Maybe everyone thought this sentence was right back then,
but now
it is wrong now.
So what I want to share with you is not the answer,
but the way to solve problems.
When you have a complete set of thinking logic,
you no longer need to chase the so-called latest recommendations.
you can even teach yourself.
you can tell at a glance
which product is suitable for you.
One thing,
I have to warn you in advance
my videos are generally a bit long.
Fifteen or twenty minutes may be the norm.
It's not that I like to talk too much,
because
the underlying logic of science
is really hard to explain in three minutes.
I also have a membership channel.
which is more like a private garden.
where I will one-on-one
to answer some common questions.
and share
some raw data when I test products
and mind maps.
In the future,
I will also launch targeted skin care matching suggestions.
If you need more in-depth communication,
welcome to join my membership channel.
If you have heard this,
it means we are probably the same kind of people.
I hope
this channel can help you look better,
rather than more anxious.
See you in the video.